Create ui-c8y-1023-14-79-allow-dismissing-alert-when-device-is-remov-10864-graft-release-y.md (#4240)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/ui-c8y-1023-14-79-allow-dismissing-alert-when-device-is-remov-10864-graft-release-y.md

---
date: ""

> title: Fixed dismissing error alerts when a referenced device no longer exists

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title:  Error alerts can be dismissed when a referenced device no longer exists
```
